supported interfaces property added (#10)
ton-connect/docs: requests-responses.md

type DeviceInfo = {
  platform: "iphone" | "ipad" | "android" | "windows" | "mac" | "linux";
  appName:      string; // e.g. "Tonkeeper"  
  appVersion:  string; // e.g. "2.3.367"

>   maximumSupportedProtocolVersion: number;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  maxProtocolVersion: number;
```

>   supportedFeatures: Feature[]; // list of supported features and methods in RPC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  features: Feature[]; // list of supported features and methods in RPC
```

>   supportedInterfaces: FeatureInterface[]; // must list all supported interfaces corresponding supported RPC methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  feature: Feature[]; // list of supported features and methods in RPC
```

  platform: "iphone" | "ipad" | "android" | "windows" | "mac" | "linux";
  app:      string; // e.g. "Tonkeeper"  
  version:  string; // e.g. "2.3.367"

>   supportedTonConnectVersion: number;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  supportedProtocolVersion: number;
```

| 100  | Unknown app                  |
| 300  | User declined the connection |

**Connect item error codes:**

| code | description                  |
|------|------------------------------|
| 0    | Unknown error                |
| 400  | Method is not supported      |

> If wallet doesn't support requested ConnectItem (e.g. "ton_proof"), it must send reply for this ConnectItem -- ConnectItemReply 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the wallet doesn't support the requested `ConnectItem` (e.g. "ton_proof"), it must send reply with the following ConnectItemReply corresponding to the requested item.
```

| 1    | Bad request                   |
| 100  | Unknown app                   |
| 300  | User declined the transaction |

> | 400  | Method is not supported       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 400  | Method not supported       |
```
